# Cplusplus-Program

#How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
To interpret user needs and implement them into a program occurs in multiple steps. Initially, the product owner, scrum master, developers, and other clients as applicable will meet and discuss what the purpose of this program will be. They will describe what they want the program to do and their goals as a company. This allows the product owner, scrum master, and developers to get an idea about what tasks will need to happen and what the end product should look like. This initial meeting allows for the team to develop quantifiable user stories that aid the team in completing the program. These user stories become defined by acceptance criteria, failure criteria, what functions the program needs to accomplish, and any other amplying tasks or outputs that need to occur. This allows the team to have actionable items to accomplish during their sprint. Follow up meetings, etiher in person or via telecommunications, may be required in order to clarify any outstanding items.

#How do I approach developing programs? What agile processesdo I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Developing a program starts by understanding how the program needs to function. Writing simple code first, and then debugging that code, allows the developer to ensure that the code programmed will function at a basic level. The developer will then write several lines of code and then debug that code. This approach is so to ensure that smaller pieces of code can be debugged and are functional, rather than writing the code all at once and it not working. It is easier to approach it in smaller increments to ensure success instead of as a whole. Some agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development work are pair programming, scrum, customer feedback, and adaptability. Pair programming is a unique and new concept to me, and the idea of one person coding and another person watching them and providing feedback seems extremely beneficial for large, more diffucult tasks. Adaptability is also important because the market and demands change, and it is important to be able to adjust to changes in a efficient manner.

#What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member is receptive to feedback, welcomes change, works well as a team, and is appreciative of help. Feedback helps individuals grow in any aspect of life, and the team members ability to receive and accept feedback is necessary for them to grow as productive members of the team. If a team member is resilient to change, then they will embrace the agile ideology of welcoming change and will be able to deal with situations as they arise. Being a member of a team means that an individual needs to have good communication skills, is capable of working with anyone in their team, and can adjust to any obstacles that arise. Lastly, if a team member is humble and can appreciate help, then the team will be successful. These qualities, while not all inclusive, will allow a team member to thrive in the team environment.
